NIFI-13854 update Getting Started guide for 2.0.0 (#9362)
apache/nifi: nifi-docs/src/main/asciidoc/getting-started.adoc

WARNING: Before proceeding, check the Admin Guide to confirm you have the <<administration-guide.adoc#system_requirements,minimum system requirements>> to install and run NiFi.

> NiFi can be downloaded from the link:http://nifi.apache.org/download.html[NiFi Downloads page^]. After downloading the version of NiFi

Reviewer: The link can be updated:
```suggestion
NiFi can be downloaded from the link:https://nifi.apache.org/download/[NiFi Downloads page^]. After downloading the version of NiFi
```

Author: Thanks for catching this, I corrected two other places where nifi.apache.org URLs were used.  Update committed.

that you would like to use, simply extract the zip archive to the location that you wish to run the application from.

> macOS users may also install via link:https://brew.sh[Homebrew^] by simply running the command `brew install nifi` from the command line terminal.

Reviewer: Since the `brew.sh` approach is not supported by the Apache NiFi project itself, this is a good opportunity to remove this reference.
```suggestion
```

Author: Done.  I see Apache NiFi project members are not normally the ones to update the nifi Homebrew formula.
